Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? Well, I have some things on my heart.
You know, I told you all I was going to tell you about the economic crisis and everything that the Lord showed me.
I had the hour-long visitation vision, but the Lord said, 'Brandon, I need you to talk to tell them some more things first before you get to that.'I told you all about Israel and what I was praying for six months ago, and the Lord in my prayer time said, 'Brandon, this is a call to prayer again.
Those things that you prophesied, the things that you warned them about, are trying to manifest right now.'The biological stuff that I saw—a secret attack in Paris coming out of a cave in Iran—was chemicals, and they were going to spray the people somehow.
It was a secret attack, just like it was in October. I want you to understand this; people are like, 'Well, nothing happened in Paris so far, you missed it.'Listen, my job is a Watchman.
I come on here and tell you just like this: I'm looking out over the wall.
I'm looking at the storm coming. There's a storm coming; let's pray. There are over 350,000 people on this channel now.
My job, when the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, I called you on YouTube to call an army of people of prayer—people who pray—and I want you to go on there and warn them of things that I'm going to show you.'The enemy has a plan to do certain things, and I want you to go on there and you can change things with the body.
My main job is to come on here and tell you, 'Hey, there are attacks in Paris planned by terrorists.'I see fires everywhere; I see an explosion, and you need to pray over this.
I saw a train—I told you everything the Lord showed me. So here we are; we see it.
A man was busted coming out of Russia, and they found that he had plans and plots to create explosives, and he was found.
What does that tell you? Not that I missed it because it didn't happen, but that God intervened.
People go, 'Well, we didn't see anything.'Well, we don't want to!
We want to see the hand of God protecting people. That's my job.
I'm not on here to entertain you; this isn't entertainment.
You click on YouTube and eat your popcorn and candy and sit there and go, 'Well, this is good.
I want to eat another Snickers bar.'Come on, I'm here to tell you what's coming by the Spirit of the Lord and tell you we need to pray.
There was fruit in that: a man was caught. Then the trains... another thing I'm seeing is trains.
I told you all they're going to use trains; they set them on fire.
I don't remember how many of them there were—I think there were about five of them.
Obviously, I don't know if these men were caught, but the fires...
I'm telling you, I see things on fire. I saw the area around the Eiffel Tower on fire.
They didn't use any kind of pipe; they used fire. So I'm calling people to pray.
400,000 people watched that video, so we had a lot of people throughout the whole world praying for this not to happen.
If one can put a thousand to flight—come on, folks—how much more can 10,000 people?
I'm just going to use the low number of people who take this seriously and say 10,000 people prayed.
Like I said, there are 350,000 of you now, and I hope you take this seriously.
The persecution of saying things is really ignorant. But that's okay because you don't understand the spirit realm.
This is what I have done my whole entire life since I've been sixteen years old.
The Lord said to me, 'I want you to create an army of prayer people.'So I'm calling the troops, an army of prayer people, to tell you right now there is a plot to destroy a lot of lives in Israel.
Then I come on here and tell you I see a major volcano going to explode in Italy, and it's going to cause a huge tsunami wave out of the water that is going to wipe out 300,000 people.
People, I see the angels coming; they're warning the people.
We start seeing the volcanoes and earthquakes, and I told you all this was coming.
I have an army of prayer people interceding on behalf of Italy so that it won't happen.
Just like Abraham interceded on behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah—he asked if there be fifty righteous.
If God would do that for one person, a friend of God, how much more would He do it for 10,000?
How much more would He do it for 100,000 if you would take seriously what I'm called to do: to come on here and warn you of things to come.
Not for fear, but as a call to prayer. I'm calling you to rise up and understand that we have authority as believers.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
You have to understand who we are in Christ: that greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
I'm not here to tell you doom and gloom; I'm trying to tell you the doom and gloom so we can stop it.
It's like the whack-a-mole; we're smacking the mole as the little things come up. The devil tries to raise his head, and we hit him.
We're not trying to chase the devil around putting out his fires; we're trying to stop the fires before they start.
Any calamity, destruction, or evil against the president, any politician, or anybody losing their life is of the devil.
The Bible says that the thief comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but the Lord says, 'I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly.'God is not the boogeyman hurting people; the devil is.
We as believers are called to raise a standard against him. The Lord said we could call on His angels.
Thank You, Lord, for Your angels in Psalms 91 and Psalms 23. I believe with all my heart that we have authority over storms, pestilence, and plagues.
I've warned you of attacks on our homeland with terrorists already here crossing the border.
Now I'm trying to tell you about a financial crisis that is by design.
My job is to come on here today and tell you about the attack against Israel.
I stand with the Jews; I stand with Jerusalem; I pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Palestinians have lost their lives, and I pray for those families, but we're getting rid of the bad guys.
I believe there are a lot of corrupt, evil people that wish harm on a lot of people—they're terrorists.
But innocent lives are lost, and it's sad. I want peace. I want Jesus to rule and reign.
But we have to pray for protection now because of Iran and what's about to happen.
I'm calling you to my warning from six months ago: pray again.
Six months ago, I warned you about a cave and biological things.
I warned you about them plotting an attack on our soil. I'm calling to shake you and blow my trumpet in Zion.
Sound the alarm on My holy mountain. Please listen to me. What the Lord showed me over the last couple of days regarding the crash of the stock market...
He said, 'Brandon, this is just Braxton Hicks.'That's what Jesus said to me personally when I had my open-eye vision for an hour.
He said, 'This is Braxton Hicks—what you're seeing in the economy.'There was a lot more, and I will give you that video shortly.
The Lord said, 'I want you to focus on My people, Israel. Pray for them.
Pray for this attack.'This economy stuff will not be stopped; it will come. But He said, 'I will always provide for My beloved.
I will always take care of My beloved, Brandon, the great beloved—His child, us.'It gave me peace instantaneously because the things I saw in the spirit shook me.
You could tell I cried a lot in that last video because the Spirit of the Lord was all over me.
The experience that I had four or five nights ago changed my life forever.
I can't even focus on it because if I look over and see His face again, Jesus melts me.
Every time I start picturing His face and the way He looked calling His people...
oh man. If I look at what I saw coming in the natural, it will cause you to fear.
But when I saw Jesus's face and He said, 'I'll always take care of My beloved,'it wasn't about me; it was about a good God.
When you abide in Him and His words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
Now I'm going to give you the rest of the sermon. Hey, good morning, family.
I have some things on my heart regarding interceding for Israel and Iran. There is an escalation in the Middle East right now.
One of the things that I felt a caution about was this thing going down in Cuba.
I saw some secret meetings taking place, and the Lord said, 'Go back to the 1960s.'During the time frame when Kennedy was president.
I wasn't going to reveal a lot because of safety for my family, but this is very serious. Old ties were being reunited.
It was brought up in the Russian news a couple of days ago—the exact same thing the Lord warned me about in prayer weeks prior.
Another major thing for people to pray about: Havana. I want to talk about Israel striking Iran, causing a major uprising in the Middle East and the United States.
This will be about the oil. The Lord showed me oil prices skyrocketing.
The Petro dollar and things like that controlling the economy—it's a lot of manipulation and darkness.
He's not released me to say everything, but we need to pray over strikes against Iran.
It's going to increase. It's about the oil, the green agenda, and the world economic stuff.
My wife is going to read this prophetic warning about Israel and Iran that was given back on November 28, 2019.
She was observing a meeting of military leaders with the supreme leader of the Iran regime.
They were seated at a large oval conference table. The leader had a white beard and a long dark brown robe.
He said Iran is in a crisis from both without and within—the rise of Christian revival within and the economic pressure from the 'great Satan'(the United States) without.
Then he said Allah had spoken to him to gather those in that room and tell them the time has now come to go to war to end all wars, to destroy the 'little Satan'and to mortally wound the great Satan.
This refers to Israel and the US. The leader then continued and said the Mahdi Messiah is about to appear, and we are to prepare his way.
Even if Iran falls, we must destroy the Zionist regime. All is now prepared.
We have the weapons to overwhelm them and wipe the little Satan out and liberate the Middle East.
Their military strategy is to knock out the missile defenses first and then try to sneak in the atomic warheads in the deluge.
They have ten nuclear devices which are hidden among their arsenal, including one submarine.
Jesus is coming soon, and we can see the signs all around us. The signs of the fig tree, the signs in the heavens, look at the economic signs—all of it.
God is trying to tell the people, 'I'm coming.'It's going to be a glorious thousand-year reign.
The last will be first, and the first will be last. I've seen over into the thousand years, and it is spectacular.
Start imagining yourself over there. We're going to rule and reign with Him for a thousand years on a new heaven and a new earth. It's encouraging.
You can't get encouraged if you think you're going to be tortured through the tribulation; we're encouraged because we're being taken out of here.
He has a plan for you: the marriage supper of the Lamb. I believe with all my heart Jesus has a plan for my life, and it's not for me to go through hard times in the tribulation, but to go with Him.
After the thousand years, the sky's the limit. We're going to rule and reign with Him across the galaxies.
Father, I thank You right now in the name of Jesus. We thank You for Israel; You've made a hedge around them.
There will be no nuclear attacks, no dirty bombs, no biological warfare.
Your plan will stop it. Send angels right now to protect our land and protect Israel. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We thank You that this war would stop and innocent civilians would not lose their lives.
We thank You that the bad guys would be exposed and uprooted.
I see mountains right now and hidden things in Iran—caves and caverns.
The Israeli intelligence knows about these things. There's a whole underground system in Syria that goes down deep.
I see canisters—big silver canisters full of liquids. Some of them are gas.
They're on pallets like huge kegs in an underground tunnel system.
I see yellow mustard gas. It is a gas in these searing Agent Orange...
it is a neurological agent. I see a massive long truck. They're trying to transport these things through the hills.
I call every hidden thing to be exposed in the name of Jesus. Something about the ammo I see going through northern Iraq, clear into Samaria.
I see them chanting, 'Death to America!'It's such a rising up of hatred.
It's very serious; it makes the victim throw up. The convulsions cause the body to feel like it's breaking in half.
It makes your insides want to come out, causing huge burns and welts upon the skin.
I see welts like your skin is melting. We pray for the protection.
Put a smile on your face. Thank you for watching our videos. Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart. Jesus loves you so much. God bless you.